1. What are the costs vs budget?
        budget: zero dollars.
        cost: 1 million dollars.
2. What is the timeframe?
        May 15th
        Prototype a month in advance (April 15th)
3. What problem are you trying to solve?
        Help prospective job candidates remember leetcode patterns to aid them in becomming pro
ficient programmers.  Develop a strategy to help them remember leetcode patterns long after the
y have solved particular problems.
4. What is the most important feature?
	The ability to remind users to complete specific patterns on a timed interval.
	Using some kind of percentage refresh value, that gets updated after each time a user learns a pattern.  Implement a decay function to decrease the percentage refresh value.
5. Is there a similar product on the market?
	Leetcode, DuoLingo, Hackerrank, Khan Academy.
6. Are there any existing product or technologies that will need to be integrated?
	Leetcode api, compiler/IDE api
7. What does success look like?
	Appropriate memory recall for users after using this product.  A good looking user interface.  Having a working product within the timeline specified.  It must look one hundred times better than Zerksis Umrigar's website.  Must be aesthetically pleasing.  Clear buttons, a page where you can review your progress (how many were completed, how many left to go, what is the percentage of remembrance, a graph of activity).  Implement user incentive structure in the way of a reward system to gain points.
8. What risks are associated with malicious user?
	Security is important.  Client doesn't want to be liable for stolen information.  Database intgreity is important.  
9 What is the lifetime of the software?
	As long as possible.  As more work is being done in technical interviews, coding problems are being discovered everyday.  This fact should allow continuous growth for the platform. 
10. What additional features would you like?
	Fun coding problems that are still challenging.  A digital reward after a concept is completed.  Fun stickers for the user in order to keep them using the software.  
